this is my list of people I can do
without guys in guys in their 50s named
skip anyone who pays for vaginal jelly
with an Exxon credit card an airline
pilot who's wearing two different shoes
a proctologist with poor depth
perception
a pimp who drives a Toyota Corolla a
gynecologist who wants my wife to have
three or four drinks before the
examination guys with a lot of small
pins on their hats
anyone who mentions Jesus more than 300
times in a two-minute conversation a
dentist with blood in his hair
any woman whose hobby is breastfeeding
zoo animals a funeral director who says
hope to see you folks again real soon
girls who get drunk and throw up at
breakfast a man with only one lip a boy
scout master who owns a dildo shop
people who actually know the second
verse to the star-spangled banner' any
lawyer who refers to the police as the
federales
a cross-eyed nun with a bullwhip on a
bottle of gin a brain surgeon with born
to lose tattooed on his hands guys who
have their names printed on their belts
couples whose children's names all start
with the same initial
a man in the hospital gown directing
traffic
a waitress with a visible infection on
her serving hand
people who have large gums and small
teeth guys who wear the same underwear
until it begins to cut off the
circulation to their feet and any man
whose arm hair completely covers his
wristwatch